Add example to OTLP operation name V2 migration instructions (#28731)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/guide/migrate/migrate_operation_names.md

Datadog now provides new operation name mappings that improve trace visibility in the service page. This feature requires opt-in configuration now but will become the default in the near future.

> For example, your old operation names might look like: `go.opentelemetry.io_contrib_instrumentation_net_http_otelhttp.server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a span that has the old operation name `go.opentelemetry.io_contrib_instrumentation_net_http_otelhttp.server` is named `http.server.request` with the new logic.
```
